Since today I am at the anna
frost had some time left
coup is mum we thought because
a baby already a bit
Prepare for a baby food
challenge and right family are here
six different varieties like the
Forgotten food of course masked
just there was just tack tack tack
taken from shelf and bought and
so our region is not the color
be distracted
I'm with her. I want the green one
glasses I now do not know me
that is still born
then you get your oldest euro that
thing really is something I think
also made warm
ww is food is only it is on everyone
do something with spinach and potatoes
and spinach
I would like to be such
but it starts and tastes like that
After cardboard I say that with guaranteed
if it is new commodity and still
a bit of salt and pepper said so
do you want to 1 1
ok then I do now every time when so
Something I think I'm doing
We have to teach tomatis to teach
then you see that we totally
ruined
I think that tastes good
I'm pretty good from what I do not
the pleasure of bananas yes again with
the singles are cereal-free with banana
and chocolate biscuits potatoes carrots
with poultry if you are on the
color looks
for the mom exactly what tomato
is a work pasta with tomato and that
if you could do it a bit
You could be soaked cardboard
Do not move it but not potato
vegetables have become so I believe that
things mended with be totally
one way or another, therefore, it is with us
I bring my wife then opened and
A little something to eat
that was so yes a bit more there
could taste like kappel or one
with salt and pepper better challenge
and was also done together or something
sometimes you need to get involved if you
I always learn to feed with it
Please warm it up here
below you can use the painter frost
nobody looks at it completely
review tbb logging and resources
you can go down there because daniels in
the comments are what I write
handed over Italian left
maybe or hairdresser or with
Panama what amusing something
I'm sure you'll write me that
below in the comments what for
challenge the others with me
are on the invitation comes then
yes, the last video has always come
again